And so forth.
If it's just that I'm wronged
But today the incident happened in Huai Palace
Brother Assist's condition worsened due to this stimulation
Concubine Lu must be pissed
If you enter the palace
Why don't you go and compensate Concubine Lu first?
Or do you think of Zhou Da?
I'm going to the palace now
If only I was hurt
The father emperor may make big things small
But Concubine Lu loves her son very much
I will definitely ask my father to extend my integrity
I will also take my anger on the King of Chu
so
I'm one step closer to being a princess
Prince an hour ago
King Qi enters the palace
In King Teng's imperial study, there is also King Huai's mother and concubine
Listen to Gu Si
At that time, Chu Shoufu was in a room with the emperor
They really pick the time
There is Chu Shoufu
It's not going to be a big deal.
His Royal Highness the King of Qi has a deep relationship with you
Why are you in such a hurry today?
Someone must be provoking it
The werewolf in the prince's palace said that the emperor summoned the princess
He said that the princess was seriously injured and should not be told in person
The king first entered the palace to apologize
When Father Xuancheng came
Shu Cha is delivering medicine to the princess
Just wait for him with a sword
The princess has entered the palace. What?